Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this? 
2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

402,370

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
The Human Health category includes datasets that relate to people’s physical well-being, public health, environmental health risks, nutrition, and healthcare systems

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
Navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
Clicking on the publisher name → Economic Research Service, Department of Agriculture
Clicking on the organization → Department of Agriculture
Using the tags/keywords (like “food-price,” “CPI,” etc.) to find related datasets
5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
Most results come from local DC government agencies because they collect and share data about the city.
7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
Searching “nutrition” gives more general and wider results, while “food composition” gives more specific, detailed datasets about nutrients.
a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for. yes
8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result? Got 4 result You get detailed nutrition information about the food, and clicking shows a full breakdown of nutrients and composition.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?

On the Foundation Foods → Downloads page, you can find:

Food data tables (food descriptions, nutrients, food categories)
Nutrient values (vitamins, minerals, protein, fat, etc.)
Files in formats like CSV and JSON
Foundation Foods files are usually small to medium (around ~1.8 MB to ~2.3 MB for CSV)
Some full datasets (unzipped or combined) can be larger (tens of MB) depending on format